My notes regarding offine deals for slingshot 2.3

1. My address where I will send deal from is f3srs3lcabsyqyxuz2o6vvsun7ri6bymyzi6hnzatq6pkaqqmuohnuhkj5eq5be2dluv7jd3vtfmnkandzkq2q

2. My deals are mostly 32GBs. However when I making the archives, the last part will always be smaller than 32GB, so please set your 
minimum size to be something like 4GB when I propose deals to you so we are not missing any deals.

3. This slingshot phase requires all deals to be fast-retrievable, so please don't delete the fast-retrieval cache on your miner for 
at least 2 months, preferably the whole year.

------ the following information is for "small miners" mostly. If you have your own successful importing scheme feel free to skip -------------

4. Check your .lotus/config.toml DefaultMaxFee, the default 0.007FIL is too low in most cases your messages will get stuck. Please 
increase it to be 0.1FIL or more and restart your daemon.

5. Check your .lotusminer/config.toml MaxPublishDealsFee, this will need to be set to be more than the estimated total publishstoragedeal 
fee (if batching), see below.

6. The new batch publishstoragedeal feature is a great way to save burn fee. But will require extra caution on how many deals batching 
together. The default behavior is 8 deals within 1 hour will be batched. However I recommend you to only import deals that you can 
concurrently seal at a time. If you import more than you can handle at the same time, the whole batch could fail.

For example if you can seal 4 sectors concurrently, you can do 4 imports consecutively and wait until all sealing is finished, import another 4.
This way you will reach the maximum saving of the burn fee on publishstoragedeal messages. From my experience, the burn fee of sending one 
individual publishstoragedeal is 0.2 ~ 0.3 FIL, and batch send 4 publishstoragedeal burn fee is 0.5~0.6 FIL, so each deal will save more than 50%
of burn fee. 

Please estimate your batch sealing ability and set your MaxPublishDealsFee to be more than the total burn fee accordingly.

7. I recommend you turn off accepting online deals while batch sealing offline deals because extra deals could exceed your ability and cause failures.
This can be done via command without restarting your miner: lotus-miner storage-deals selection reject --online